Just 10 thousand.
Take it away.
Shameless little bitch
weak people
How to disarm us?
Are you looking for a match?
Take this money.
I can't take this money from Tieu Pham.
He just called me half a million.
How do you have so much money?
You won't do anything illegal, will you?
Don't do anything stupid.
listen to me
It's really too big.
I'm afraid I can't pay.
I can not pay then I do not pay anymore.
Promises are fine.
But I am just a widow.
I'm afraid I'm not good enough for you.
What happened to the widow?
Young and ignorant
mistake young girl for a plot
World.
Love this type of resistance of yours.
Come on, I'll take you home.
No, I have work to do.
My mother is still in the hospital.
Then you go first.
I have work to do too.
tomorrow, tomorrow
What will I do?